README.md, before:

# `atomist/github-notifications-skill`

<!---atomist-skill-readme:start--->
 
# What it's useful for

Enabling this skill automatically turns on notifications and provides commands
for GitHub activities from Slack or Microsoft Teams. 

This skill uses the Atomist Chat integration, which needs to be configured
before using the skill. To choose channels to receive notifications from
repositories, link them on the **Manage > Integrations > Slack** or 
**Manage > Integrations > Microsoft Teams** page.

For more information about the Slack integration and channel repository
linking, see [the documentation](https://docs.atomist.com/user/slack/).

# Before you get started

Connect and configure these integrations:

1. **GitHub**
2. **Chat**

The **GitHub** integration must be configured in order to use this skill.
At least one repository must be selected. This skill requires a **Chat**
integration to be configured and some channels to be mapped to repositories.

# How to configure

Configuration of this skill is done in chat. As a direct message with the
`@atomist` bot or in any channel where you have invited `@atomist`, enter
 and send this command:

`@atomist configure notifications`

![Configure GitHub Notifications](docs/images/configure-notifications.png)

Follow the instructions provided to configure:

- How notifications work for pushes, issues, pull requests, branches, code
reviews and commenting
- Whether to show compact or standard notification messages
- Add emoji used by these notifications

# How to use GitHub Notifications

1. **Configure the GitHub and Slack integrations**

1. **Link at least one chat channel to a GitHub repository**

    ![Slack Integration Configuration](docs/images/slack-integration.png) 

1. **Make a Git push or modify an issue to see a notification in chat**

1. **Enjoy the increased level of visibility of your GitHub activity right
in chat!**

To create feature requests or bug reports, create an [issue in the repository for this skill](https://github.com/atomist-skills/github-notifications-skill/issues).
See the [code](https://github.com/atomist-skills/github-notifications-skill) for the skill.

<!---atomist-skill-readme:end--->
 
---

Created by [Atomist][atomist].
Need Help?  [Join our Slack workspace][slack]. 

[atomist]: https://atomist.com/ (Atomist - How Teams Deliver Software)
[slack]: https://join.atomist.com/ (Atomist Community Slack)

Commit message:

Edits to Chat wording
* Use "Slack or Microsoft Teams" language instead of generic Chat
* Removed mapping copy since that is part of the chat provider setup

README.md, after:

# `atomist/github-notifications-skill`

<!---atomist-skill-readme:start--->
 
# What it's useful for

Enabling this skill turns on notifications and provides commands
for GitHub activities from Slack or Microsoft Teams. 

This skill uses either the Slack or Microsoft Teams integration, which needs to be configured
before using the skill. To choose channels to receive notifications from
repositories, link them on the **Manage > Integrations > Slack** or 
**Manage > Integrations > Microsoft Teams** page.

For more information about the Slack integration and channel repository
linking, see [the documentation](https://docs.atomist.com/user/slack/).

# Before you get started

Connect and configure these integrations:

1. **GitHub**
2. **Slack** or **Microsoft Teams**

The **GitHub** integration must be configured in order to use this skill.
At least one repository must be selected. The **Slack** or **Microsoft Teams**
integration needs to be configured.

# How to configure

Configuration of this skill is done in chat. As a direct message with the
`@atomist` bot or in any channel where you have invited `@atomist`, enter
 and send this command:

`@atomist configure notifications`

![Configure GitHub Notifications](docs/images/configure-notifications.png)

Follow the instructions provided to configure:

- How notifications work for pushes, issues, pull requests, branches, code
reviews and commenting
- Whether to show compact or standard notification messages
- Add emoji used by these notifications

# How to use GitHub Notifications

1. **Configure the GitHub and Slack integrations**

1. **Link at least one chat channel to a GitHub repository**

    ![Slack Integration Configuration](docs/images/slack-integration.png) 

1. **Make a Git push or modify an issue to see a notification in chat**

1. **Enjoy the increased level of visibility of your GitHub activity right
in chat!**

To create feature requests or bug reports, create an [issue in the repository for this skill](https://github.com/atomist-skills/github-notifications-skill/issues).
See the [code](https://github.com/atomist-skills/github-notifications-skill) for the skill.

<!---atomist-skill-readme:end--->
 
---

Created by [Atomist][atomist].
Need Help?  [Join our Slack workspace][slack]. 

[atomist]: https://atomist.com/ (Atomist - How Teams Deliver Software)
[slack]: https://join.atomist.com/ (Atomist Community Slack)
